FEMALE GARMENTSCap: a soft, close-fitting head covering.Apron_hat: head-covering apron; a apron worn on the head resembling a headwear.Bolero: Bolero jacket; a short, open-fronted jacket short characterized by very limited length.Corset_belt: a structured garment worn around the waist to shape the torso.Curly_apron: a simple, lightweight apron with a gathered or wavy shape.Fan-shaped_apron: an apron featuring a central group of pleats, that spread downward like a fan.Gheroni_skirt: a skirt made of trapezoidal panels joined to form pleats, and with a decorated front panel featuring vertical openings (màsculas).Giacchino: a short jacket of various styles, with a straight or pointed lower edge, and a front closed by buttons or hooks.Giubbetto: a short jacket, typically decorated and often featuring sleeves with longitudinal openings through which the shirt sleeves emerge.Head_mantle: a mantle draped over the head and shoulders, extending down to cover the torso, often reaching the waist.Head_shawl: shawl worn as head covering.Headscarf: a band wrapped or draped over the head.Kerchief: a square or triangular piece of cloth worn on the head.Long_skirt: a full-length skirt, often pleated.Manticello: a shorter version of the traditional mantle, covering the head and sides of the face, reaching only to the shoulders at the front.Panel_apron: flat panel apron.Paperbag_skirt: a simple skirt made by joining fabric panels into a sack-like shape, secured by ties at the front and back.Rigid_bodice: a stiff, structured bodice providing firm shaping of the torso, reinforced with metal or vegetal stays.Shawl: shawl worn over the shoulders.Shirt: female shirt.Shoulder_scarf: a large square or triangular piece of fabric worn draped over the shoulders.Shoulder_veil: veil worn over the shoulders.Skirt_hat: head-covering skirt; a skirt worn on the head resembling a headwear.Soft_bodice: a flexible bodice without rigid structure.Tongue_shaped_apron: narrow, long apron with rounded end.Triangle_shaped_apron: an apron with a triangular shape.Veil: Light, white and transparent head veil.MALE GARMENTSBerritta: a tubular cap folded into a sack-like shape.Bell-shaped_trousers: skirt trousers, wide at the waist and slightly gathered, extending below the knee.Belt: male belt.Brimmed_hat: a hat with a brim.Cap: a soft, close-fitting head covering.Fez: a tall, rigid, truncated-cone hat without a brim.Fur_overcoat: a sleeveless overcoat made of fur.Gaiters: garments that cover the lower leg and reach the knee or occasionally the thigh.Giacchetta: a short jacket with narrow sleeves, front buttons, horizontal pockets.Giubbetto: a short jacket often featuring sleeves with longitudinal openings through which the shirt sleeves emerge.Hose: fitted trousers with narrow legs.Kerchief: a square or triangular piece of cloth worn on the head.Leather_overcoat: a sleeveless overcoat made of leather.Long_coat: a coat covering the body to mid-calf.Loose_trousers: trousers made from rectangular, unshaped fabric panels, typically reaching mid-calf.Mantle: a large rectangular cloak.Neckerchief: a small kerchief worn around the neck.Rigid_bodice: a front-buttoned traditional bodice, often ornamental with carefully applied trims and embroidery.Shirt: male shirt.Short_coat: a short coat.Skirt_trousers: trousers resembling a short gathered skirt.Soft_bodice: a flexible bodice without rigid structure.Soft_bodice: a soft front-buttoned bodice, single or double-breasted with lapels.Tongue_shaped_apron: narrow, long apron with rounded end.Triangle_shaped_apron: an apron with a triangular shape.Tube_trousers: long, narrow trousers with vertical pockets, tapering toward the hem.Veil: Light, white and transparent head veil.